you
[Music]
Gordon was cross why should Henry have a
new shape he grumbled a shape good
enough for me is good enough for him he
goes gallivanting off to Crewe leaving
us to do his work and comes back saying
how happy he feels it's disgraceful
and there's another thing Henry whistles
too much no respectable engine ever
whistles loudly it stations it isn't
wrong but we just don't do it or Henry
didn't feel happy anymore
nevermind whispered Percy I'm glad
you're home again
I like your whistling goodbye Henry
call Gordon we're glad to have you with
us again but remember what I said later
Henry stopped at Edwards station
hello Henry said Edward you look
splendid
I was pleased to hear you're happy
whistle yesterday Thank You Edward
smiled Henry can you hear something
it sounds like Gordon said Edward and it
ought to be Gordon but Gordon never
whistles like that
it was gone he came rushing down the
hill at a tremendous rate he didn't look
at Henry and he didn't look at Edward he
screamed straight to the station
disappeared well said Edward it isn't
wrong chuckled Henry but we just don't
do it
and he told Edward what Gordon had said
meanwhile Gordon screeched along the
line the noise was awful
[Music]
at the station everyone hilarious the
Fat Controller held his ears to take him
away he bellowed and stop that noise
Gordon off sadly away but he wouldn't
stop whistling until 2/5 signed off and
knocked his whistle valve in place that
night Gordon slunk into the shed he was
glad it was empty it isn't wrong
murmured Henry - no one in particular
but we just don't do it no one mentioned
whistles next morning Henry was enjoying
himself enormous Lee I feel so well I
feel so well he sang tickety tock
tickity tock on his coaches then he saw
some boys on a bridge fifty hello he
whistled oh he called the boys didn't
wave and take his number they thought it
fun - got stones on him instead they've
broken our glass they've broken
hourglass sobbed the coaches the
passengers weren't hurt but they were
cross call the police no said the driver
leave it to Henry and me what will you
do they asked and you keep a secret
yes yes well then said the driver
Henry is going to sneeze if those boys
[Music]
lots of people are waiting at the
station just before the bridge they
wanted to see what would happen Henry
has plenty of ashes said the driver
please keep all windows shut till we
have passed the bridge
Henry is as excited as we are aren't you
old fellow
Henry was feeling stuffed up soon they
could see the boys and they all had
stones are you ready Henry said his
driver sneeze hard when I tell you now
he said
[Music]
well done Henry laughed his driver Henry
went home very pleased with himself here
toward Gordon and silly boys a lesson
with a whistle and a sneeze